[Docs] Add user level documentation for Expressions (#11990)
KratosMultiphysics/Kratos: docs/pages/Kratos/Expressions/General/Notes.md

---
title: Notes
keywords: 
tags: [notes, warnings, expression]
sidebar: kratos_expressions
summary: 
---

## Introduction

> The use of ```Expressions```, ```NodalExpression```, ```ConditionExpression``` or ```ElementExpression``` should be done carefully for the following reasons.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The use of ```Expression```, ```NodalExpression```, ```ConditionExpression``` or ```ElementExpression``` should be done carefully for the following reasons.
```

1. If it is possible to implement the arithmetics or opertations you do in ```C++``` level, then it is encouraged.

> 2. Using arithmetics operators should be done carefully. In the case if, an expression being updated by another vectorial expression using operators such as ```+=```, ```-=```, ```*=```, ```/=```, ```**=```, then it will keep both left hand side and right hand side double vectors in memory. If this is being done for lot of iterations, it can exceed available RAM and crash the execution. Therefore, it is a good practice to use ```Kratos.Expression.Utils.Collpase``` to collapse the lazy expression hierarchy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Use arithmetic operators (`+=`, `-=`, `*=`, `/=`, `**=`, `+`, `-`, `*`, `/`) carefully. Operators keep their operands in memory, which means that if you chain operations for long enough, at some point you will run out of RAM. In such cases, `Kratos.Expression.Utils.Collpase` to forcefully evaluate an expression and discard the hierarchy of operands it stored. An example use case would be updating the same expression with new data in every time step of an analysis.
```

> 3. Use of expressions has an overhead cost due to the use of runtime-polymorphism. So, if it is bottleneck, then transfer the expression to the ```C++```.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Expressions have significant memory and performance overhead due to dynamic polymorphism. If it becomes a bottleneck, move your calculations to `C++`.
```
